gh-137952: update `csv.Sniffer().has_header()` docs to describe the actual off-by-onish behavior (#137953)
python/cpython: Doc/library/csv.rst

      - the second through n-th rows contain strings where at least one value's
        length differs from that of the putative header of that column.

>       Twenty-one rows after the first row are sampled; if more than half of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Twenty-one rows after the first row are sampled; if more than half of the
```

>       Twenty-one rows after the first row are sampled; if more than half of the

Reviewer 2: If twenty-one rows _after_ the first row are sampled, then we have sampled in total 22 rows right?
But the algorithm samples 21 rows.

Author: @eendebakpt 

Not sure if I understand.

There's a `next`:

https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/719e5c3f7111bcda5eee72fe648786c427c4d4c2/Lib/csv.py#L464

That's 1.

https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/719e5c3f7111bcda5eee72fe648786c427c4d4c2/Lib/csv.py#L470

https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/719e5c3f7111bcda5eee72fe648786c427c4d4c2/Lib/csv.py#L473

That's 21 (off-by-one).

Reviewer 2: You are correct. I was wondering whether the first row refers to the header, or the first sampled row afterwards.

Author: @eendebakpt 

Now I see!

What do you think about?

```suggestion
      Twenty-one rows after the header are sampled; if more than half of the
```

🤔
